So, for the eight years that I've been in the US Navy active duty service,
I've seen everyone have high stress symptoms. I, myself, am in
included in that, several times. So, these working hours can be really
long and there have been many times when I just wanted to say, "Hey,
you know, I just want to go to my bed and relax and sleep and not
have anyone tell me what to do" but the difference between a military
person and a civilian is that it's ingrained in us to take orders.
So, regardless of how I feel, at the end of the day, I'm going to
do my work. Maybe a civilian person would quit their job, maybe a civilian
person would yell at their boss but military people, they don't
do that. That's our culture. So, you live with it. You live with
the stress that comes with the job.